# Recommended Readings

Here, I plan to list my recommended readings on various topics. I plan to update it selectively and thoughtfully based on how well a book meets my standards (the books don't have to be necessarily influential to me to be listed here. I may just list them here because I find them well-written, fluff-free, non-generic, and informative for the public, even if I do not learn anything new from them given prior knowledge; even if I disagree about core points). I am refraining from immediately listing every book I have read that may deserve a listing here. I plan to revisit, re-consider, and then list them.&#x20;

I may remove/replace certain books as time passes - if my views change or I find better alternatives. If there is a book I have read and taken note of but have not listed here - it doesn't mean it's not a good book or that I didn't like it; it just means that it didn't meet my specific standards (don't ask me what that is precisely) well enough to be listed here.&#x20;

## The List

1. [Philosophical Devices: Proofs, Probabilities, Possibilities, and Sets - David Papineau](https://www.amazon.com/Philosophical-Devices-Proofs-Probabilities-Possibilities/dp/0199651736). Decent, cleanly-written, roughly beginner-level introduction of reasoning methods, formal tools for philosophers with a broad coverage. See more here: [philosophical-devices.md](../study-notes/philosophy/western/formal-philosophy/probability/philosophical-devices.md "mention") and here: [philosophical-devices.md](../study-notes/philosophy/western/metaphysics/causation/philosophical-devices.md "mention").&#x20;
2. [Integrity of Emptiness - Thanissaro Bhikkhu](https://www.dhammatalks.org/books/PurityOfHeart/Section0014.html). Makes an interesting connection between Buddha's advice to Rahula for reflective living and no-self view as a strategy (although I don't necessarily fully agree with the strategy view of the Buddhist no-self doctrine). Interesting formalization of living without "I am"-conceit - in the form of "action purification" - focusing more on action and consequence, bypassing unnecessary selfing processes. Emphasizes honesty and compassion as driving forces - for motivation for practice and for being able to reflect properly without strong bias or self-deception. See more here: [integrity-of-emptiness.md](../study-notes/philosophy/non-western/indian/buddhism/early-buddhism/thanissaro-bhikkhu/integrity-of-emptiness.md "mention")
3. [The Bhagavad Gita - Eknath Easwaran](https://www.amazon.com/Bhagavad-Gita-2nd-Eknath-Easwaran/dp/1586380192). A classic. Some interesting pieces of advice - relevant even for a secularly-minded person (comparable to the practical sides of stoicism and such) for psychological resilience and peace. One of the more interesting parts is its focus on incorporating "spiritual" wisdom in active living - rather than just recommending meditation and asceticism. Also, some interesting theology if you have a knack for that. See more here: [bhagavad-gita](../study-notes/philosophy/non-western/indian/hinduism/bhagavad-gita/ "mention")

