# 2024

#### 1/27/2024

**Morning**

Time: 1 hour

* Made preparations (TMI) followed by concentration on breath.
* Relatively better meditation - success in staying "moderately" still for \~ 1 hour
* Hard struggle -- body screaming to move out - some pain and discomfort - intermittent "shocks"
* Drowsy. Falling into a void of attention again and again. Barely holding attention to breath.
* Some moments of high-quality attention in between
* Calming effect post-meditation - more awakeness

#### 1/28/2024

**Morning**

Time: 1 hour

* Made preparations following breath
* Pleasant, calming but highly distracted by thoughts
* Unsteady - fell out of posture multiple times
* Tried increasing investigative-energy
* Tried doing anapanasatti-style progression (following OG sutta) - didn't work out as good

#### 1/29/2024

**Morning**

Time: 1 hour

* Phone notifications are distracting. Forest app is not working. Make me confused and anticipate meditation timer end from false alerts (notifications from other apps)
* Mainly tried noting (Manual of Insight)
* Highly distracted
* Drowsy - probably because wasted time in phone since 3 am instead of properly sleeping
* Need to take sleep schedule very very seriously
* Need to take the spirit of binding vows more seriously - don't give in to willy-nilly curiosity for constantly searching stuff in internet

#### 1/30/2024

**Morning**

Time: 1 hour

* Unsteady. Distracted
* Tried to start with loving-kindness. Lust bothersome. It's not working as well.
* Shift to breath. Drowsiness, distractions. Regret from past loss of control.
* Trying delight in mindfulness, delight in the struggle.
* Posture breaking.
* Ended with open-eyed mindfulness - trying to shift to general all-day mindfulness status -- aware of every arising -- arising intent - evaluate before enaction - reflect - be a mirror.

#### 1/31/2024

**Morning**

Time: 1 hour

* Less distracted -- or at least less drowsy and more aware of distractions
* More effort in re-directing attention again and again from continuous distraction
* Not stabilizing
* Tried more forced attention sustenance at certain points
* Posture starts to become unstable around 35 minutes. The body screams out -- wants to leap out.
* Becoming less able to maintain the shtick for a whole 1 hour.
* Posture broke out again and again. I end up looking at the remaining time 2-3 times.
* Tried to force - and take a sudden re-positioning (feels easier than gently moving back)
* Didn't stick for long
* In the end, leaped out and started "walking meditation"
* In the end, I couldn't fulfill the whole timing commitment - short by around 2-3 minutes.

#### 2/1/2024

**Morning**

Time: \~50 mins

* Sleepy.
* Okayish focus
* Broke meditation after \~35 minutes
* Tried again.
* Didn't complete full-timer.

#### 2/2/2024

**Morning**

Time: \~1.5 hour

* Tried half
* Got off; I tried again later
* posture broke down again
* can't maintain
* sleepy, constant thought immersion
* can't track my breath for a moment

#### 2/3/2024

**Morning**

Time: \~35 mins

* Tried going direct without prep
* Couldn't do much
* Sleepy, distracted, couldn't hold posture
* Perhaps try capping time?

#### 2/4/2024

**Night** Time: \~1 hour

* Patchwork meditation
* Tried noting initially
* Break in the middle
* Posture breakdowns
* The second half passed too fast - indicating a lack of mindfulness.

#### 2/5/2024

**Morning** Time: \~1 hour

* Brief moments of meditation
* Distracted - comics fantasies
* Thirst
* Feels like regressing
* Continuous posture breaks - as the mind gets distracted - so does the body vacillate automatically

#### 2/6/2024

**Night** Time: \~25 minutes

* okayish meditation

#### 2/7/2024

**Morning** Time: \~1 hour

* Brief bouts of sustained attention to breath
* A bit of baseline drowsiness
* heavily distracted
* Thoughts about philosophies, behavioral regulations, organizing knowledge base, naming book etc.

